the girls, good morning, good morning, I'll show you
for you
this hairstyle here so let's check it out
tutorial
You have to be with your hair done.
preferably brushed made of iron
If your hair is straight, you do not need to
first he use the silicone snacks
To learn all the hair here.
well the first one we look at that part
here we are going to separate the 15 connie and this
part does not make a normal ponytail
It's very loud here I learned and this
Part and back here we'll start
with this part is divided into two parts
here grips a back of
hair is not replicated
My chain is quite a bit complicated to
do
So I went straight is much better then it is
that we get a lock of hair and
will join here in the middle will braid
as if it were a normal braid will
hold here picks up another wick of
hair back here goes forward
joins with the middle hair caught here
below also braid this court
safe take more hair down here
pass on to the front
along with the middle was more hair here
underneath and braid takes one more
hair facing the joint with the middle
and take the rest of the hair here from
low and trans safe
I left a little thread to give a way
and this part we will put a
garnish for not to stay
apparent to here I'd put this
unkempt ornament can be used in
wedding you being engaged you being
invited you being godmother the being in
events things like this
It's also taking a photo on facebook.
It's grand lookbook more hairstyles
cool, and then you can do it
also all the hair then you would have
to get more thinly strands to the right
back even though it's all just about
one side and here where this thread
relates to the grain which is the
people put the final result
It's this one
then this producer is today I hope
have enjoyed have you liked it
sign up for the channel and kisses until the next